feat: add support for `bindeps` feature (#258)
ipetkov/crane: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added

> * Add `main.rs` to each "dummy" crate generated to support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a stubbed binary target to each "dummy" crate generated to support
```
